Build script uses clingo (#1846)
LLNL/lbann: docs/building_lbann.rst

        export SPACK_ROOT=<path to installation>/spack.git
        source ${SPACK_ROOT}/share/spack/setup-env.sh

2.  Update spack to use the new clingo concretizer.  There are two
    steps to this: bootstrapping clingo and modifying the repositories
    configuration file.

    .. code-block:: bash

       module load gcc/8.3.1     # Load a compiler with C++17 support
       spack compiler add        # Make Spack aware of the new compiler
       spack solve zlib          # Force Spack to bootstrap clingo

>     Then open the `config.yaml` file:
> 
>     .. code-block:: bash
> 
>        emacs -nw <path to installation>/spack.git/etc/spack/config.yaml
> 
>     Ensure the `config.yaml` file contains the following lines:
> 
>     .. code-block:: bash
> 
>        config:
>          concretizer: clingo
> 

Reviewer: We don't need to tell folks how to edit files. If they don't already know, they need to read a "linux command line 101" primer first, and that's not our job.
```suggestion
    Create the file `${SPACK_ROOT}/etc/spack/config.yaml` if it doesn't exist. Verify that this file contains the following lines, and add them if necessary:

    .. code-block:: bash

       config:
         concretizer: clingo

```
